Docs: Added FAQ for custom/Windows 10 style context menu (#805)
files-community/Website: src/routes/docs/getting-started/faq/+page.md

- `dev`: Development build

You can also use the path parameter to open a folder inside of Files, for example: `files-stable.exe "C:\Users\YourName\Documents"`.

> ## Is it possible to use a diffrent context menu

Reviewer: I updated my suggestion, can you take a look?

> Other context menu providers would have to add support for Files, and none currently do. Windows 10 File Explorer/Windows 11 show more version is not possible to get as there are custom options that are added in Files and features like changing layout, copying, pasting etc. are all linked to Windows File Explorer and wouldn't have any effect if used in Files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's technically possible for us to support the File Explorer context menu, it wouldn't provide the best experience. For example, menu options like changing the layout, copying, pasting, creating new files, viewing properties, and sorting are all linked to File Explorer and wouldn't work if invoked from Files. Additionally, there are many unique features in the Files context menu that you won't find in File Explorer. If there's a specific feature you're missing, please feel free to open a feature request, and we'll be happy to take a look!
```

Reviewer: @Josh65-2201

Reviewer: It already does
